[MUSIC]
>> Hello, and welcome to another episode.
A no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
This week coming to you live from Newport.
My name is Dan Schreiber, and please welcome to the stage.
It's Anich Zinski, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
And in a particular order, here we go.
Starting with you, James Harkin.
>> Okay, my fact this week is that Grumpy from the Seven Dwarfs
is not nearly Grumpy enough.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Sounds like an opinion.
>> It is an opinion, I'd say.
It's the opinion of some researchers from Duke University
and North Carolina.
And what they did is they looked in a load of movies
that are aimed at children, so they would be rated you in the UK.
They split all the characters up in class.
So you have your opera class, your middle class, and your lower class.
And they decided that the depiction of working class was unrealistic,
and that the Seven Dwarfs would not be singing cheerfully
as they walked down to the mind.
[LAUGHTER]
>> So James, who were the scientists?
>> Yeah, they were just people at Duke University and North Carolina.
To be honest, they are their cartoons, aren't they?
You don't really expect them to be all that kind of realistic.
But scientists don't like it when you get things wrong.
In the Lion King, they're hyenas in the Lion King and the bad guys.
And some of the artists for the film spent two days observing hyenas
in the hills above the campus of where they were.
And the scientists who were with them said, look, hyenas are good guys.
Don't depict them as idiots, as evil people.
And they did.
And then one of them sued.
>> What are the hyenas?
What are the hyenas?
>> One of the hyenas.
>> I mean, that is litigious.
And I think they are evil as a result of that.
>> Well, that wouldn't be very realistic either, would it?
>> Now, it was one of the scientists sued, yeah.
>> I wouldn't watch that film, though.
One of the hyenas from the original film, soos the mix.
>> This is the Lion King 3, which is like--
so the Lion King's sort of based on Hamlet.
>> Yeah.
>> And then the Lion King 3 begins with Timon and Pumper,
the comedy characters, and they're based on
Gildenstone and Rosencrantz in the original thing.
But then the Lion King 3 is based on Gildenstone and Rosencrantz
and dead, the Tom Stopper play.
But then it begins with Timon and Pumper watching the Lion King 1
in a cinema.
This is how the Lion King 3 begins.
And they say, that's not how it happened.
We're going to tell the story of how it actually happened.
And it's all the other bits.
So it's Gildenstone and Rosencrantz and Gildenstone and dead.
But from the perspective of a war talk of America, amazing.
>> So on the Seven Doves.
So originally they have no names.
In the Grim Brothers story, they have no names.
And then when Disney did the famous film in 1937,
they had about 50 potential names for the door switch
were slowly whittled down.
And the rejected names included Jumpy, Defi, Hickey,
Baldi, Puffy, Stuffy and Orphal.
>> I actually made a list of my dream Seven Doves.
>> Okay.
>> I think that these were all on the Disney potentials list as well.
There's Slotty, Hotsy and Chesty.
Which I think are obviously a bit of a threesome.
And then Orphal, Guppy, Snourful and Big O Ego.
I think that would be a bit of Seven Doves.
>> Chesty.
>> I actually read that when they pick Dopey as one of the characters
that people working at Disney said to Walt Disney,
that that's not a good name to use.
Because this is meant to be an old tale.
And Dopey is a relatively recent hip name.
And so people will think that that's not a good name.
>> Oh yeah, because like Dope just meant good, didn't it?
>> Yeah, exactly.
And so Disney said, well, it's not a new name.
It was used in a Shakespeare play.
So they went, oh, okay, of course, sorry.
>> He made that up.
It was never, it was like, yeah, it's right here.
Dopey or not Dopey.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I actually once lost a school quiz off the back of a question of name
all the Seven Doves.
We got six of them, and we were stuck on the seventh.
And my friend, my best friend, Dan, suddenly went, oh my god,
I know it because it's my dad's name.
So, what's his name?
>> Sneezy.
>> His dad, his dad was a rock star in Australia.
Really a big rock star for Doc Neeson.
And he goes, I know it.
Now, Doc is not his dad's real name.
So what he ended up putting on the paper as the seventh dwarf was burnard.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Are we looking at him?
>> Are you sure?
>> He's definitely grown up.
Everyone's like, oh, I like the dwarf.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So there's some controversy about this fact, because obviously as a study,
some would say it is fatuous, the word has been used.
But I was around this table studying this kind of thing and drawing these conclusions.
So I was looking at other potentially fatuous studies.
And so there were two studies, one in 2008 and one in 2013 looking at how films can
affect people psychologically.
And so whether you know we should be worried about the effect of Hollywood films,
for instance, on society and ourselves.
2008, there was an Edinburgh University recruited a hundred volunteers.
And the study deduced that fans of romantic comedies have a stronger belief in pre-destin love.
And they have more unrealistic expectations for relationships.
So romantic comedies, bad, give us unrealistic expectations of relationships.
>> 2013, there was another study looking into exactly the same thing.
Found that there is no correlation between people who are interested in watching romantic comedies.
And people who have unrealistic ideas about love.
>> So really, you can make a study say whatever it is you want to prove.
They'd be good if the leads of those two papers got together and then had a beautiful relationship.
>> Yeah, that's a thing, I know that sometimes they do seem like they shouldn't have been done.
But I love the studies that make no sense.
Here's a great one I really like, this from 2005.
This is what the study was about.
Far away objects are tougher to see.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And they confirm that to be true.
>> Swallowing more than one magnet is dangerous.
>> [LAUGH]
>> There is, I think it is a problem with kids because magnets are sold down as
office stress relievers, I think.
And yeah, apparently, sure.
But if you swallow one it is bad.
But there are like hundreds of people who have met E.R.'s in America every year.
Kids who have swallowed two of them.
And obviously that really screws up your intestines because as soon as you swallow the second one,
they try to find each other in your insides and disrupt everything else in the meantime.
So that is quite bad.
>> That is amazing.
>> We need to move on to our next fact, does anyone have anything before we do?
>> I can give you one more study that's kind of a bit fatuous but also about Disney stuff.
So they did this thing where they had men watching movies.
And they had so much with sad movies and so much with happy movies.
And the happy movie was the jungle book, which would make everyone happy.
And so they made them watch this jungle book and then they took swabs from their armpits.
And then they gave the swabs to women and asked them to smell them and
smell all the different armpits that people who've watched all the different movies.
And they found that people who'd watched happier movies when you smell their armpits, it makes you smile more.
>> What?
>> I mean, you can't be smiling much because you're smelling an armpit.
>> Yeah, it could be more of a grimace.
>> Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
>> My fact this week is that the ancient Romans had party bags.
>> So in ancient Rome, if you went to a dinner party at the end of it,
you would be given a thing called an apophoretor which literally means a take away.
So they invented takeaways as well.
And we know about them because there was a poet called Marshall and he wrote a whole book about them.
It's 221 pairs of lines and it's everything, the things that were given away.
So they included toothpaste, whips, seashells, bladder foots, or I think I translated this right, a pastry penis.
>> It does get that grexty.
>> That's true and he said, even if you consume every part of it, you will not be the less pure.
>> So you had this huge range of things you could be given at the end of the night.
It was very exciting.
>> Wow.
>> You could also take your food away at the end of the night after Roman parties, couldn't you?
>> They had a doggy bag.
>> They had doggy bags.
They were the inventors of the doggy bag, which is unbelievably cool.
I think it was called a map.
You had to bring your own doggy bag sometimes, I think.
So it was called a mapai or a mapai, I guess, in the singular.
And it was a piece of cloth and you'd bring it.
And if you had leftovers, you wrap them up and you take them away with you.
>> Wow, that's really interesting.
I remember reading once that there were a lot of houses in Rome which were above shops.
And if you lived in one of these flats,
they were quite low-roofed and they didn't want people like their shops to catch on fire.
So you weren't allowed to cook in them.
And so if you wanted to eat anything, you had to get everything take away.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Wait, it's just a fact.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah, it's got that, isn't it?
So you want to go to these parties all the time to bring your doggy bag home.
>> So what were the parties like back then?
Were they wild?
Were they raucous?
>> I think they varied like parties today then.
>> All right.
>> The more I looked into it, they had hot tub parties.
>> I found out.
>> Which I didn't know about.
>> Did they have toga parties?
>> They didn't wear togas most of the time, did they?
>> Did they not?
>> I think they wore tunics.
>> Yeah, I think they hated them, didn't they?
They had to wear them every now and then, but they were really awkward to wear.
Was it not Roosevelt had a toga party?
Because people took the Mickey out of him and said that he was acting like a Caesar.
And so his wife kind of threw a party, as if to say,
like as if to cock a snooke to the man, I believe that.
>> He was the man.
>> What are you talking about?
>> Right, yeah.
>> To the little man.
>> Yeah, Roman parties, it's good question.
One of the things that I've always thought would be, you've been awkward at Roman parties,
is the fact that everyone had to lie down.
And so at dinner parties, everyone lay down, as we know, and you'd have a couch arrangement
where there would be a couch or a bed on three walls of the room.
And you'd have the hosts on the middle couch.
And then the top guests, there were seating plans.
So I think they also came up with seating plans.
And the most favored guests would get the couch where you had the better view of the
host, and you had a really nice view out of the building.
And then the less favored guest just got a view of the wall.
And you had to lie down and you lay on like your left arm and ate your food with your
right arm.
It just sounds really uncomfortable.
>> So another thing that Roman's invented was the concept of deal or no deal.
In that, this is invented by the emperor Augustus.
He asked his guests to bid sums of money for pictures when they were faced to the wall.
So you had to bid a sum of money on a picture, which you couldn't see the value of it.
And I gather that that is what happens.
>> That is exactly the same.
>> So that is, and then they turn the painting round to reveal it at the end.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> That is amazing.
That is deal or no deal.
>> That is deal or no deal.
>> Wow.
>> He said, you also when you went to a dinner party with Augustus, you would pay for a token
and it was inscribed with what you might get.
But they varied hugely.
So you couldn't really see what was on the token before you bought it.
So again, it was like a blind auction.
>> That is like a lucky dip.
>> Like a lucky dip.
And so you could either get some gold or you could get a sponge.
So it was really varied.
And then, a later emperor, Ella Gabelus, he gave out things called lucky chances, which
were these special spoons and it was inscribed with what you'd want.
And it might say ten on it and you'd redeem it and they'd say, oh, you've won ten pounds
of gold or it might be that you won ten flies or something.
So really varied.
And they started giving them out at the Coliseum and when they had a lottery at the games
in the Coliseum, it was, you just won a token and you'd redeem it and see what you'd
want.
>> Wow.
>> You might have won ten bears.
>> How terrifying to have the ten, yeah.
>> You'd wonder ten times I have sex with your wife.
>> It could be anything.
>> You shouldn't ever run the lottery.
>> We need to move on to our next fact and I want to go anything else.
>> I can quickly tell you that there's £808 million spent on party bags for children's
parties in the UK every year.
>> Wow.
>> £808 million.
Apparently, the average bag is worth £7.50, which I think means there's £107 million
party bags, which means every child gets 30 each, so it goes to 30 parties every year.
>> Every year.
>> Yeah.
>> I didn't know 30 people had a certain, certainly not 30 would have had me talk to them.
>> And apparently 2% of a thousand parents serving in one survey said that their child had
received an iPod in a party bag.
>> Wow.
>> Even they serving people in Chelsea mansions.
I read a news article, an American news article, a mother called Sherry Jamison, who was
left speechless when she had a birthday party for her son, her six-year-old son, and
guests took back the birthday gifts they'd given him when they found out there were going
to be no party bags.
The article reported about a party goer who asked to remain anonymous, saying a lot of us
feel cheated, the kids had fun, but it was a really bare bones event.
It's not like she had a bouncy castle, and she's since received emails and texts from guests
who felt it would be in poor taste to take their gift back at the party, but who are now
getting in touch to demand to be refunded the full price, including tax of their present.
>> Including tax.
>> Let the tax go.
>> Let's move on to our next fact, so we don't run out of time.
So it's time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
My fact this week is that Ernest Hemingway once stole a urinal from a bar, saying that he
pissed away so much of his money into it that he owned it.
>> I can tell you from experience, that very rarely works on landlords.
>> Steve, this is on all your financials.
>> Yeah, so this was a bar that he used to go to all the time, and it was moving, it was
closing down, and so he just went in, and he just took the urinal off, and he brought it
back to his house.
And James, I know you've been to Ernest Hemingway's house.
>> I have been there, and the urinal is still there.
>> Really?
>> Yeah, it's still there, you can see it.
And when you go to Ernest Hemingway's house in Key West, they make you go on a tour
around there, and that's one of the things they tell you that this is the story.
Because urinal is now in the garden, I think, and it's right, it's in the back garden.
>> And it's been turned into a fountain, or it's a nice centerpiece.
>> I think it's quite a nice urinal, actually.
If my memory serves, it's quite big and made of big stone, and it's kind of got flowers
on it and stuff.
I think it's quite nice.
>> Wow.
>> Hopefully.
>> How did he get it out of the bar?
Because I wouldn't know where to begin taking your urinal off the wall.
>> He was a big, manly man there, and you know, you're-
>> I understand.
>> He was enjoying your wine over there.
>> You've made yourself very plain.
>> He was a big guy though, you're right, he was obsessed with boxing.
He used to take on people half his age, saying, and probably, you know, same size as him,
but assume being younger, they could take him out.
And he would-
>> He had his own boxing ring in the back garden.
It was next to where the urinal now is.
And he went off to the Spanish Civil War to act as a correspondent.
While he was there, he had an affair with another woman.
And his wife wasn't very happy about that, so she sold his boxing ring and bought a swimming
pool.
And that swimming pool cost $20,000 in those days, which now is hundreds and hundreds of
thousands.
And when he came back, he had one penny in his pocket, and he said, you've taken everything
I've got, have this last penny, and he threw it down, and it's still there under a bit
of glass.
And you can see it if you visit.
>> A good, we preserve the remnants of his childish, spoiled brat tantrums.
[laughter]
>> On his manliness, I love this image.
He wrote standing up, always.
He wrote, he would write in pencil.
He wouldn't be wearing a shirt, so he had a shirt off wore baggy shorts, and they were held
up by a leather belt that he'd taken off the body of a dead German soldier that was inscribed
with the German III Reich kind of insignia.
>> Wow.
>> That's cool, isn't it?
>> A half naked man with a third Reich belt standing up and writing some novels.
>> I think we know your type.
[laughter]
>> Just on the pub fights thing, I read that he went out drinking with James Joyce, and
that James Joyce would get into fights, and then say, hemmingway, deal with this, because
he was too drunk, that Joyce was too drunk to stand.
This is according to Hemmingway.
I have a fact about Ernest Hemmingway, which is that Hemmingway was part kangaroo.
[laughter]
>> Have you got dozens notes there?
>> No, he was.
He was part kangaroo.
>> Come on.
>> He broke his arm in a car accident, and the surgeon tending him bound his bone together
inside his body with kangaroo tendon.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, and this wasn't an innovation just for Hemmingway, at some point, a standard medical
procedure to put a bit of kangaroo inside you.
>> That's so cool.
>> It feels like the tendons would be kind of stretchier, doesn't it, a bounceier.
>> Yeah.
>> I wonder if they would.
>> Maybe why they used it.
I mean, I don't know.
But anyway.
>> It's not like all bits of a kangaroo, a bounceier, James.
>> I don't know.
[laughter]
>> The lovely rubber.
>> Do you know when he was a young boy, Ernest Hemmingway, when he was a young boy, his
mother used to dress him up as a girl, because she didn't want a boy.
She wanted a girl, and so she used to dress him up as a girl, and call him Ernestine.
>> Oh.
>> Backfired very badly, didn't it?
>> It really did.
>> But it was up until like he was six years old, he was going around.
She grew his hair long, and he had to pretend to be the twin sister of his older sister.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> They're pretty weird family.
>> I read he didn't like his name.
He didn't like being called Ernest, because it was like the hero of an importance of being
Ernest by Oscar Wilde.
>> Oh, really?
>> And he was upset about that, because that was why he objected, because he thought.
>> He thought Oscar Wilde was a feminist.
>> Oscar Wilde was a feminist, and therefore that he shouldn't be called Ernest.
>> He had huge problems about wanting to be incredibly masculine, a sort of hyper-masculine,
and a really, seriously odd guy.
>> He was also, honestly, go home and spend two hours researching Ernest Hemingway, because
you think, as I was saying to James yesterday, as you're really about him, you think, I have
not lived.
This man has lived.
And in so many ways, one of the ways was that he was incredibly accident prone, it seems,
so he had this old kangaroo malachina on.
He had a plane crash in 1954, so he was on safari with his wife, he was in Uganda, and his
plane crash had to crash land, and they had to choose whether to crash land on an elephant
trail or in a big crocodile pit.
>> So, these are the only options, and he was a tiny strip of land in between the elephant
trail.
Look, look at how big.
What are we at?
What do they pick?
>> They pick the elephant trail.
>> Of course, yeah.
>> As they've had it in the elephant trail, then he, his wife and the pilot of the plane,
had to sleep there overnight, because they were surrounded by elephants, blocked in by
these elephants.
So, they were both quite badly injured, and the next day they were rescued by another plane,
so they boarded this other plane, which caught fire, and also crashed the following day.
>> Where did that crash into?
>> Do you want to go to the snake pit on the Will the Beast to a sanctuary?
>> I would pick the Will the Beast to a sanctuary.
>> Don't be calm, I've been looked after.
>> Maybe we can adopt one.
>> What if Earth comes after Will the Beast for that joke to make sense?
>> What about the hyena land?
>> What about that?
>> Actually, hyena's quite nice guys.
>> I actually read a thing about Will the Beast the other day, that I was going to try to
use for a vague fact, scientists were saying that they were looking ancient Will the Beast,
and apparently ancient Will the Beasts, they evolved a trunk, like a longish trunk, so that
they could gossip with each other.
>> Yeah.
>> Because they needed to tell each other, like just you'd Jeff over there, like they needed
to tiny little bits of gossip, and they couldn't do it with their normal Will the Beast
face.
>> What?
>> I feel like you're paraphrasing this, though.
>> What did it say?
>> I'm gossiping.
>> Do you know where Hemingway's biggest scar came from, so he had this big scar on his
forehead.
It was the most prominent thing he'd noticed about him in his life, and it didn't come from
the car crash or from the two plane crashes or from the motorbike accident he had when he
was in Germany.
>> Are the wass that he was kind of any of the wass he covered.
It came from a time he was in a bathroom, and he pulled the chain, thinking it was the
toilet flush, and it accidentally brought the whole skylight down on his head, and that's
what gave him this massive scar, and whenever anyone asked him about it, he was really
reluctant to say, it's from a toilet skylight.
>> The two plane crashes, there was an interesting thing that actually happened in the time between
the first plane crash and the second plane crash, which was he and his wife were reported dead,
and it got spread around the world, and obituaries were printed the next day, and so he had the
rare thing of being able to genuinely see the obituaries to his life, and then the next
day he got on a plane, and then that crashed again, and that led to severe trauma, which
his best friends think is what led to the end of his life, for him killing himself from that
second plane crash, I think it just ruined the rest of his life.
But again, you know you're saying just what an insane character, what a big life, he during
World War II was hunting Nazis, despite not being enlisted into World War II, and he did
it from his boat, and his boat was set up, it was a fishing boat, it had direction finding
equipment, it had a machine gun, it had grenades, and he went out hunting Nazi U-boats.
He used to practice with his son trying to take down U-boats with grenades by throwing them
at turtles.
I think that was very unfair on the turtles, A) you're implying their Nazis, and B) a U-boat
is a lot tougher than a turtle, but that's what he did, okay.
We need to move on to the final fact very shortly, anything before we do?
Quickly he had 52 cats, and he taught one of them, so this is his exact words, "I have taught
Uncle Wolfer, Dillinger, and Will to make a pyramid like lions."
I'm sorry, what?
Well, I think he taught his cats to make a human pyramid, I'm not sure.
Like lions, do you?
Yeah, and then he said, "And have taught friendless," that was the name of another of his cats, "have
taught friendless to drink with me, brackets whiskey and milk, but even that doesn't take
the place of a wife and family."
Okay, it is time for our final fact of the night, and that is Chuzinski.
Yeah, my fact is that the official medical diagnosis code for being struck by a chicken is different
to the official medical diagnosis code for being pecked by a chicken.
So this is the International Classification of Diseases, the ICD, and everything that could
go wrong with you has an ICD code, so it's now enormous, and every possible injury that's
ever been reported has this code.
So yeah, there are codes for being pecked by a chicken and struck by a chicken, completely
different codes.
There was one new one added in the '70s, which was bitten by an orca.
It's contact with non-venomous frogs, that's one, sucked into a jet engine, and injuries
caused while knitting and crocheting.
So all of these things, if you go to a doctor or an ER, they'll write down, they'll say,
"Oh, my knitting needle just jammed into my thigh," and then a non-venomous frog landed
on it, and they'd say, "Oh, there are two codes for that, hold on," and write them down,
and then they've reported it.
What is the code for was pulling on what I thought was toilet chain, turned out to be a skylight?
There would definitely be one for that.
There is one for fall off toilet, that's w18.1, just let you know that.
A few others just because it's a 1593 page PDF, and I read through the whole thing yourself.
All from a non-moving, non-motorised scooter is W-05, and fall into bucket of water, not
trip over bucket of water, but fall into bucket of water, that's W1622, and S30.862 is insect bite
on penis.
That's amazing, long list reading.
This is my favourite one, V91.07, burn due to water skis on fire.
Don't smoke on water skis, you know what I'm saying?
I was reading an interview with someone, so there's a brilliant Oscar the New Yorker about
this.
He interviewed someone who's involved in deciding the new classifications because they
quite recently upgraded it and expanded them.
It sounds quite frustrating.
You're in this meeting room and you're debasing all the things that could possibly happen
as well, and asking if you should also have codes for them, and so she was saying a question
was raised on what codes would apply if a mother was given the wrong baby to breastfeed.
It was stated that that would be outside the scope of ICD coding, so they do have some
limits.
I read a thing about breastfeeding just this morning, which is that in the 19th century in America,
if you had what's called Agalactica, which means you can't produce milk for your baby,
the way that they were treated is to put a pancake on your breasts.
There's a substance, a milk substitute.
I don't know what they thought it would do, but you would put a warm pancake on the breast,
and then when it got cold, you put another warm one on and keep doing that for a couple
of hours.
What would they do with all the cold breast pancakes?
Just make some new pancakes, I mean, that's very wasteful, yeah.
You could give them to perverts.
Just three pounds will buy four pancakes or a pervert.
I was reading about the fact that not only do they have these codes that they can write
for proper medical use, but they actually, there's a lot of medical slang that gets used,
which patients, because doctors are telling people at home, they're putting it on the internet,
people are whizing up to the fact that they use this kind of slang.
So like, for example, one PFO, pissed, fell over.
That's what they'll put on the paper as a thing.
They'll put brothel sprouts, which is genital warts.
I really like brothel sprouts, very clever.
But yeah, I was reading about the fact that some doctor board now needs to tell doctors not
to do this anymore.
So they sent out a mass email and different hospitals are doing this.
It's really funny, the fact that when they say it, this is a quote from it, although acknowledging
that slang is likely to continue to be used, it should be kept to a minimum.
So they're like, well, we know you're going to do it anyway, so yeah, but it's, yeah, there's
a whole pretpo, patient reassured and told to fuck off.
I have read articles like that and some doctors go on there and comment and say, no, we don't
do this at all.
But then others go, yeah, we do really.
I've got two close friends of a doctor and both of them say they do it all the time.
Well, I was reading a thing about bills of mortality, which were these lists that got published
in the 16th and 17th centuries.
And it was a record of how people died basically in your parish, for example, and every week the
parish clerks would record who had died and the parish and how they died.
But they weren't medically trained, obviously, because they were clerks.
So a lot of the causes of death are really quite vague.
So they include things like, this is for how they died, gripping in the guts, we don't
know, stopping of the stomach again.
And suddenly another, this is my favourite from the bills of mortality that I managed
to read, was cancer and wolf.
Guys, we need to wrap up fairly soon, so if you've got any more.
I've got to think very quickly on chickens, which is, so this fact was about the medical
code for chicken, and it just reminded me that I was reading about a, there's an Australian
fast food chain called chicken treat, who currently have a chicken doing all of their tweets.
So, it basically, it's in its cage, they put a computer in there and they've put the food
onto the keyboard, and so the chicken packs the keyboard for the food, and it starts typing
stuff out.
And Guinness World Records have said that if it manages to type a five-letter word, and
it's a successfully, it reads as a word, then it's going to go into the Guinness World Records
as the first non-human to tweet.
So far, it's only managed three letters.
What was the word that it tweeted?
Bum.
Anything more before we wrap up?
Why couldn't you ask us to follow a chicken tweet to the word problem?
Okay, that's all our backs then.
Thank you so much for listening.
If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
I'm on @Sriberland, James, @Xshaped, Andy, @ChickenBum.
And Shazinsky.
You can email podcast@QI.com or you can go to our website.
No such thing is a fish.com where all of our previous episodes are, and you can also go to our Twitter account
which is @QIPodcast and send us all a message.
Thank you so much for listening at home.
Thank you so much you guys in Newport.
Thank you so much.
It's been awesome.
We'll see you again next week.
Goodbye.
[MUSIC]
[BLANK_AUDIO]